There is a mindset or a mentality, it
is usually said that mindset although
it may seem a bit orterous when it
is said in English, which usually
differentiates people who are successful
from who do not, I think it has
to do with Power Launch Formula
and that is why we share it.
We could summarize it like this.
What we have to assimilate
is that we, each of us, are
the only ones responsible
for both our future situation
and that we our goals.
What does that mean?
That there are no excuses, that it does
not depend on anyone else, that it
only depends on us and that it is
in our hands to those goals.
That means assimilating that our current
situation depends on decisions
we have made in the past, it depends
on our attitude, it does
not depend on anyone else.
Why do we consider this
important?
Because when you change the chip,
when you become truly responsible
for everything that happens
to you, it is like you activate, you
start, you get a little bit of the
batteries, because you realize that
this only depends on me and I
will not be complaining and what
I will do is everything possible
to my goals whatever they
are.
We have said that each of
us is responsible for our
current situation.
Our current situation depends on or
is a consequence of decisions we
have made in the past.
For example, if you have a job you don't
like, where you feel like you're not
giving everything you're carrying
in, or that doesn't fill you, who's
to blame for that?
It is just your fault, right?
Or if you dream of having more freedom
than you have now.
All this is the result of decisions
you have made before, it is the result
of nothing else, don't blame your
boss or the world or anything else.
Or if you have a company that doesn't
grow and then you're angry because
at the end it's self-employment,
the company doesn't grow,
you work a lot, you don't blame
the crisis, the market, or anyone.
It is the fault of not having innovated
enough, it is the fault of not taking
the right steps because there are
others who have done so and vice
versa as well.
If you are happy with your current
situation, with your company, if
you are happy, it will be partly because
you have a good attitude and partly
because you have made good
decisions that have brought
you the situation to
a situation you like.
That is the current situation that
is the fruit of the past, but the
most important thing is that we
take responsibility for everything
that will happen from now on.
This is very good with Power
Lounge Formula, why?
Because we talked about that we
have desires, dreams, goals
that we want to materialize,
that in this case it is to launch
innovative products, services,
business models and that will
have an impact on our lives,
on our professional career.
We need to be very clear about
what those goals are.
We encourage you to ask yourself
what my goals are,
what my vision is, where
I want to get.
And the next thing you have
to do is be aware that it is
in your hand to it and that it
is only your responsibility.
If within three, five years you
have reached the deadline you have
set, it will be your merit.
And if you didn't it, it will also
be the consequence that you didn't
do what you should have done.
So to finish, you are the only one
responsible for the current situation
and the future situation to get the
most of Power Lounge Formula and
to create the circumstances,
as we saw before, so that
united to knowledge,
you end up reaching those
dreams, those goals.